 Action packed!! I loved it. The only difference between this and Fast 9(The worst movie on earth) is that John Cena gets to have fun and Jason Momoa is eating up the screen. And it s much better for it! very good movie very entertaining! Ngl I was afraid this would suck and was a little over the Fast &amp Furious franchise, but after this movie I m def excited for the next one! Man this franchise is a joke - the first two, hell even Tokyo Drift were the only 3 truly about racing and cars. Everything after turned to drugs - grudges - family drama - guns and ridiculous unbelievable stunts that were never apart of the series before and now are the new normal over the years lol. Movies could ve been so good but people are so use to this hollywood garbage that they think it s actually &quot good entertainment.&quot This movie is really only worth watching if you already invested a lot into the franchise, if its on T.V. or a very cheap rental lol. 3.5/10 Jason Momoa s character is the only thing that kept me entertained. I don t know why I keep coming back to watch these unrealistic stunts I guess I m trying to see it to the end. Jason Mamoa was a welcome refreshing perfect villain. The action scenes are always what we come for but Jason had us rooting for the Villian at times. The ending SUCK!!!!! Its another great car crashing unbelievable movie just like all the rest. It has twists and turns. I have always been a fan of this series Great popcorn flick! Went into it knowing it was Part 1 of a two-parter, so the cliffhanger ending didn t surprise me. great action. storyline was so-so. mamoa was the only fun character. Above all. no ending. cliffhanger no ending. boo! put part 1 in the title if you aren t giving me a proper ending. Love love loved it! Going back again tomorrow to watch it again with my son. Great action, great suspense,loved the characters. Can’t wait to see the next sequel Lots of great actors and actresses in the genre of this movie. Lots of action and excitement. Lots of believable action such as a young boy jumping from one car to another while the cars are spinning at high speed. Who could not like this high action packed movie. great but has a part 2 to follow.. Villain is a combination of the Joker and Luther from Batman. Tiring character. Typical fun ride. Unfortunately, a terrible cliff-hanger ending. Calling the movie a Part 1 would have given a heads up instead of a disappointment. Alot of intense action, Cameo actors unexpectedDidnt care for the ending tho ! Fantastic stunts and action. Great lineup of actors. Just what I expected from the Fast franchise. it s good, decent watch, the movie moved along pretty quick which was nice. definitely go during a discounted price. 